As a CE Consultant with us at Avanade you will collaborate with project teams in customizing, developing and extending Dynamics 365 CE and utilize the Power Platform to meet client needs. You will guide the customer and your team to develop the optimal solution, which you will then implement. You will contribute across all phases of Avanade projects (e.g., Plan, Analyze, Design, Build and Test).

CE is at the heart of everything you do. Whether you’re working with your development team or collaborating with your clients, your drive will inspire and motivate the people around you.

 Is this you or could it be with the help of our unlimited learning? 

You have a passion for Microsoft technology, and the ideal candidate will possess a unique blend of functional and technical knowledge, great problem-solving abilities, and good communication skills.

We are looking for someone with:

 Experience working as a CE Consultant, preferably in a dual functional and technical role
 Hands-on experience with Dynamics 365 and Power Platform (e.g. Power Apps, Power Automate, Power BI, and Power Virtual Agents)
 Ability to configure and customize Dynamics 365 modules (e.g. Sales, Customer Service and Field Service)
 Experience working with no-code/low-code development
 Bachelor’s or master’s degree in the field of IT such as Computer Science, Information Systems, E-Business or similar
 Relevant Dynamics 365 CE certifications
 Fluent in any Scandinavian language and English

You are a strong analytical thinker and enjoy translating business needs into software capabilities and making sure that end users are adept at using those features. Some programming skills and understanding of JavaScript, C# and the .NET-framework are nice to have, but not a requirement.

 Why Avanade? Because there's literally no place like this 

With Avanade, you get the opportunity to work with the latest technology in socially beneficial projects, as well as help to reach your full potential so that you grow and develop. We have two parent companies that give us a strong Microsoft ecosystem with space to be ourselves. People who thrive here are motivated, interested in learning and genuinely have a desire to be the best at what they do. If that sounds like you, then we’re the perfect match. If you want to get even better at what you do and transform businesses from the inside out, there’s no better place.

About The Team

The Nordics CE (Customer Engagement) Practice consists of around 60 members ranging between juniors and seniors, and we’ve got solution architects, business analysts, developers, and functional consultants, and we primarily work with Dynamics 365 and Power Platform. We often collaborate with other practices, especially with the Data & AI Practice and the Software Engineering Practice. This opens a lot of learning and development opportunities within other areas as well as our own.

 A sneak peak of our benefits we offer: 

 Exceptional development and training with a minimum 80 hours/year of training and paid certifications
 Dedicated career adviser to encourage your progression so you can truly take charge of your career path
 Avanade’s people-first culture with benefits like employee stock purchasing, flexible work arrangements, a commitment to diversity and inclusion, and competitive pay
 Stay for the limitless learning opportunities that encourage you to master Microsoft and pursue big ideas
 Full benefits package including medical coverage, pension, travel insurance, internet, gym allowance and much more!

 Did we make you interested? 

 Apply today!  You can leave your application through the link below and our recruitment team will be in contact with you.

We encourage you to follow us on Avanade LinkedIn , we post all our openings there.

You can always leave your open application at Candidate Community if you didn’t find a match this time. Make sure to add in your preferences and to turn on a job alert so that you will be the first one to know about our new opening!

About Avanade

Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital, cloud and advisory services, industry solutions and design-led experiences across the Microsoft ecosystem. Every day, our 59,000 professionals in 26 countries make a genuine human impact for our clients, their employees and their customers.

We have been recognized as Microsoft’s Global SI Partner of the Year more than any other company. With the most Microsoft certifications (60,000+) and 18 (out of 18) Gold-level Microsoft competencies, we are uniquely positioned to help businesses grow and solve their toughest challenges.

We are a people first company, committed to providing an inclusive workplace where employees feel comfortable being their authentic selves. As a responsible business, we are building a sustainable world and helping people from underrepresented communities fulfil their potential.

Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com .