Job Description & Summary

At PwC Greece, we believe change is the new constant. An enterprise’s ability to innovate, adopt new technology and disrupt the status quo is a core capability needed to thrive. We support and guide clients to disrupt their existing business models. Innovative mindsets and human ingenuity are always welcome. This is why we are looking for you.

If you are a tech-oriented problem solver with motivation to learn, someone willing to collaborate with different teams across PwC Greece, a good communicator with high emotional intelligence and someone willing to take ownership beyond the obvious, then you are the one!

Due to the continued growth of our practices, we are now recruiting a Data Engineering Manager for our team. We embrace the flexibility of our employees, hence we are looking for candidates from all over Greece, who can work remotely for our clients.

Examples of tasks you will work on as part of the team

Working closely with a talented team of data engineers, visualization experts and app developers to solve important and challenging problems for clients and internal teams within Greece and abroad
Interpreting business requirements into data innovating solutions 
Interpreting written business requirements into technical specification documents
Analyzing source data, understanding relationships, hierarchies, groups, trends etc. 
Deciding the solution’s architecture and selecting the right components 
Designing the architecture of the ETL/ELT jobs by utilizing and combining available components and tools 
Leading the Implementation and optimization of a Data Model 
Optimizing current infrastructure and ETL/ELT jobs
Documenting and communicating your findings as well as training colleagues and clients alike with best practices in your field

What we are looking for

Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information Systems Engineering and any other relevant field 
Minimum 5 years proven experience in this field is a must
Experience with leading data engineering platforms is highly appreciated
Knowledge of relational database platforms including SSIS (or Data factory) and SSAS (or Azure Analysis services). 
Experience in advanced SQl and Python (or Scala) language syntax 
Experience in cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure or AWS) is preferred
Knowledge of complex data flows through dedicated Integration tools like Azure Data Factory, Databricks or SSIS is required
Experience in working with large data sets will be considered a plus
Experience with Financial sector will be considered a plus
Familiarity with logical and conceptual data models
Azure Data Engineer certificate (or equivalent) will be considered a plus
Azure Solution Architect (or equivalent) will be considered a plus

What’s in it for you 

