Statkraft has been making clean energy possible for over a century. That’s what we offer. 125 years of unrivalled expertise in supplying the world with what it needs most. Because in the fight against climate change, we don’t see renewable energy as part of the solution -we believe it must be the solution. With us, you’ll shape a career that is truly forward-facing with many amazing opportunities and offerings to match.



But there’s more work to be done - that’s why we need you to join us. 


Job Description

If you’re a skilled Cloud Developer with experience in Azure and C#,you can start a career that helps to solve the climate crisis, with Statkraft. You will be a key resource in the development of our cloud integration platform.


Working in Integration and RPA

We are a specialist team responsible for delivering integration, data solutions and RPA to all business areas in Statkraft across the globe. Some examples are:
Delivering customized integration solutions that connects the different business areas, business processes and systems that supports the whole value chain in Statkraft
Processes, structures, stores, and quality assure a huge amount of data every day
Automating business processes and data harvesting with RPA
On a technical level, we deliver on a wide technology stack ranging from e.g. C#, Python, Azure Synapse, Azure Data Lake, Databricks, Azure Functions, Azure Logic Apps, Azure Service Bus, Azure API Management, Azure Data Factory, BizTalk, UIPath and more.


Integration, data, and RPA are essential for Statkraft to remain a market leader in renewable energy production, and we are now looking for great people to join our team. If you enjoy challenging yourself and working in a competitive industry where technology is evolving the business we operate in, then we would love to talk to you. If you are motivated by working for a company that is a key part of the solution for creating an environmentally sustainable society then Statkraft is the company for you.


As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to work closely with business users in many parts of the company across the globe. As Cloud Developer in the Integration and RPA team, you’ll:
Develop integrations in Azure with a solid focus on streamlining business processes, quality of work and innovation
Be part of project work and migration of our on-prem integration platform to Azure services
Help Statkraft shape our digital foundation for the future

Qualifications

We look for experienced Cloud Developers with the essential skills to future-proof our business and renewable energy solutions. That includes knowledge in:
Good understanding and experience in the integration domain
Relevant Azure experience
Good C# development skills
Eager to learn more about new trends and technologies
Fluent in English and preferably Norwegian
Experiences in these areas are also useful in your role:
Understanding of time series
Understanding of the energy management, trading, or finance domains
Experience with Azure DevOps
At Statkraft, we’re always looking for people with great social and communication skills. People who love to explore, learn, lead, teach and help others learn.


Additional Information

What we offer

A career with Statkraft is a career filled with purpose – meaning that every employee is not just making a living, they are making a real difference to the planet, our communities and the future. Together, we work on the front lines of changing the game for renewable energy. From hydrogen development to algorithmic trading and everything in between. We have 125 years of unrivalled expertise in creating the technologies that put ecosystems, communities and our environment first. With us, you’ll shape a career that is truly forward-facing with many amazing opportunities and offerings to match. This includes:
Unlimited learning opportunities at various levels of the organisation
The chance to grow your career alongside a truly global network of experts, leaders, specialists and graduates from different countries and backgrounds
The opportunity to work somewhere with pride, and to be able to honestly say “My work is contributing to saving the planet”
A work culture that puts emphasis on the individual, offering flexible working solutions, and work life balance principles
Statkraft offers competitive terms of employment and benefits schemes, and we’re a trusted employer that puts the safety of our people first. We believe that a safe and healthy working environment is a matter of choice, not chance.
Relocation support if needed.
Statkraft manages critical infrastructure and services in several countries. The applicant must be eligible for security clearance and authorization.


Location: Oslo or Düsseldorf.

