Nord Pool needs to strengthen the 24/7 Intraday trading operations and we are seeking a trading adviser for a 1 year fixed term to join our Operations team, managing the Intraday market for power trading.
The Trading Adviser Intraday market is responsible for contributing to the day-to-day operations of the power market including market coupling and technological development of the market platform and its products and services.
Role and responsibilities:

Manage daily and weekend operational routines for the Intraday power market in Europe
Secure continuous improvement of business processes to meet customer expectations and to secure robust operations
Technical support of trading and market coupling systems including testing of relevant operational and customer facing platforms
Contribute to the development of Nord Pool's trading platforms and product offering
Deliver excellent customer service during day to day operations
Participate in Nord Pool's development projects across the European power markets
Be part of our 24/7 rotational duty arrangements related to operations of the European power market including weekend and night shifts on duty obligations
 
Requirements:

Completed higher education within IT, engineering, energy or economy.
Experience in usage of IT tools for monitoring, efficiency and support purposes.
Knowledge and understanding of the power market is an advantage but not a requirement as long as there is an interest to learn.
Experience from operations that is dependent on complex IT infrastructure
Experience and interest in IT and how technology can be used to improve business processes and increase the quality in our service delivery towards customers
 
Desired characteristics:

Excellent attention to detail and a structured working style
Analytical skills and commercial attitude
Curious technology mindset
Service oriented, strong relationship building skills and a team player
High level of energy, drive, enthusiasm and commitment
Ability to work under pressure, in a fast moving and challenging environment
Excellent English skills both written and oral in addition to being fluent in one of the Scandinavian languages.
Must identify with our corporate values: Together, with Integrity, towards Excellence
 
Some travelling must be expected.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, gender, age, citizenship, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or any other legally protected factor. We value the unique talents of all our people, who come from diverse backgrounds with different personal experiences and points of view and we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect.


