For our Oslo office, we are looking for IT Architects who will collaborate with colleagues from BCG Platinion and/or the Boston Consulting Group on local and international client projects! We develop superior IT strategies, concepts, and solutions actively and on site, applying our technical know-how, experience in IT projects, and analytical and conceptual skills.


Shape the world of tomorrow


Shape the digital transformation of globally leading companies, ensuring their success by evaluating their capabilities and performing feasibility studies
Manage small, agile development teams in strategic IT implementation programs, establish modern practices like DevOps and CI/CD, and be in charge of the technical implementation of crucial digital requirements such as cyber resilience
Analyze, develop, and optimize cutting-edge, customized IT architectures while applying your comprehensive understanding of legacy IT, enterprise solutions, and current market developments and trends such as cloud computing and microservices


You can help us make a difference if you


have a degree in computer science, (business) informatics, engineering, or a related field
have approx. two years of relevant experience in IT consulting or software development (part or full time)
know that modern tools such as machine learning, cyber resilience, DevOps, agile methods, AI, and robotics aren't just buzzwords, but essential to sustainable IT architectures
have broad technical expertise and interest in technology trends
feel particularly comfortable in interdisciplinary teams and global contexts and are flexible and willing to travel
are excellent at understanding and communicating complex topics in English


How you can grow with us


We guarantee constant development incentives in an open and rewarding work environment! Together with a dedicated team of talented colleagues, you get to work on new challenges every day. Individual training offers and a culture of open feedback will provide the framework needed to explore and perfect personal strengths. Our modern structures allow focusing on the essence of our work - with easy travel booking, an excellent back-office support and comprehensive Knowledge Center. With our regular office Fridays and legendary events, we nurture a strong and close team network beyond our case work.


BCG Platinion is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable.