We are excited to introduce the role of Chief Data Officer (CDO) at Norsk Hydro, a position pivotal in maximizing the utility of our data. The CDO will champion data-driven decision-making, innovation, and insights, contributing significantly to Hydro's competitive advantage, operational efficiency, and overall business growth.

We offer an exciting opportunity to: 

Shape and safeguard a framework with standards and benefits of scale at corporate level, also allowing flexibility for our Business Areas (BAs) to meet challenges and opportunities specific to them, while ensuring compliance with contractual and legal requirements.
Build partnerships with executive leadership to establish the vision for managing data as a business asset, ultimately contributing to our competitive edge, operational efficiency, and business growth.
Oversee a range of data-related functions, use a large degree of autonomy, and build and lead a small team.
Align with our commitment to sustainability, contributing to a greener and more responsible future. 

Responsibilities

As the CDO, you will have the opportunity to shape the direction of Data & Analytics across Hydro by aligning strategies with I&T, digital, and business objectives.

Key responsibilities include:

General Leadership: Assume authority for maximizing the value of enterprise information assets, fostering data-driven insights, and supporting strategic and tactical business opportunities.
Strategy & Analytics: Develop and execute a data & analytics strategy aligned with organizational goals, implementing KPIs to measure success, and driving initiatives for actionable insights and data-driven decision-making.
Data Governance & Compliance: Define and own Hydro’s Global Data Governance Framework, ensuring its adherence across the organization. Establish data policies and procedures, drive global data quality programs, and facilitate proper documentation of data value chains.

Qualifications

We seek an individual with a range of skills and capabilities:

Several years of business experience, preferably at or near the executive level, with expertise in integrating cross-corporate processes and information strategies.
Experienced leader and team player.
A master’s degree is preferred, e.g. in business administration, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM), computer or data science, information systems, legal. 
Strong strategic and management consulting experience, and the ability to engage diverse opinions. 
Proficiency in data governance, data quality, data management, and analytics. 
Excellent communication skills in both written and verbal forms, with fluent Norwegian being a strong positive.

Additional Information

The CDO reports to the Chief Information Officer (CIO) in Norsk Hydro ASA and is a part of the management team in Group Information & Technology (GRIT).

GRIT is dedicated to fostering business-driven ownership and decision processes. Our mission is to ensure a cohesive Information & Technology (I&T) strategy throughout Hydro, balancing standardization for efficiency with flexibility to address business-specific challenges. Additionally, we uphold compliance with legal and contractual obligations.

Apply before: Monday 22/01/2024 by midnight, CET.

If you have any questions, please contact:

Hiring manager

Hans Petter Oeya

Hans.Petter.Oya@hydro.com

Recruiter

Astrid Skogen

+47 9800 6451

