Cognite is a global leader in industrial software with our Industrial DataOps platform, Cognite Data Fusion®, at the core. We were awarded the 2022 Technology Innovation Leader for Global Digital Industrial Platforms .

As Cognite's clientele expands, so does our demand for a talented Senior Solution Architect. We are actively seeking an individual with expertise to join our dynamic team and contribute to customer-facing projects.

About The Role

As a Senior Solution Architect at Cognite, you will play a pivotal role in the Technology department within our Global Delivery organisation. Our global reach includes offices in Austin & Houston, Oslo, Stavanger, and Tokyo. We are a good mix of Project Managers, Data Scientists, Data Engineers, and Solution Architects with some domain expertise in Oil and Gas, Power, and Manufacturing. This specific role is part of the EMEA Delivery organisation.

In this customer-facing position, you will work directly with key customers, field sales, delivery teams, and product development. You will use your seniority and technical competencies to help to lead Norwegian and international industrial customers to increase productivity, profitability, reduce environmental impact and reduce costs. Our customers are large international process and energy industries, with challenges in asset performance and maintenance, production efficiency, and sustainability. Together with the team, you will define solutions and support each integration through to a successful finish.

Responsibilities

End-to-end architecture and solution design leadership.
Providing strategic and technical expertise to support customers and the customer-facing project teams.
Defining enterprise and solution architecture, including integration and data models and data ingestion pipelines, as well as user-facing solutions
Expressing complex technical solutions through architecture modeling tools
Ensure operational responsibility and support agreements for the delivered solutions
Building strong relationships with key stakeholders, C-level executives, and IT and Business Data Managers to drive long-term adoption of Cognite’s products and services
Training internal teams and partners in your area of specialization
Collaborating with Sales, Engineering, and Product Management teams to translate customer needs into product offerings
Independently work with managing integration, data modeling, and related activities using Cognite data connectors and extractors, SQL, Python/Java, Rest APIs and business intelligence tooling
Collaborate with our Sales, Engineering and Product Management teams to turn customer needs into a prioritised pipeline of product offerings
Develop and maintain technical and business expertise for Cognite’s products

Success Factor To Thrive In This Role

A minimum of 8 years relevant experience from a similar position. 
You must be highly organised, thorough, and communicate well with all stakeholders. 
You will be required to collaborate, lead, and coach, as well as work independently. 
We expect all our solutions architects to be hands-on in python as well as a good hands-on expertise with software development best practices. 

Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of colour are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. We are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

Perks & Benefits

Competitive salary and benefits, including a pension plan, insurance, parental benefits, and much more.
Brand new office “Aker Tech House” in Fornebu
Join an organisation of 70 different nationalities 🌐 with Diversity, Equality and Inclusion (DEI) in focus 🤝
A highly modern and fun working environment with sublime culture across the organisation, follow us on Instagram @ cognitedata 📷 to know more
Flat structure with direct access to decision-makers, with minimal amount of bureaucracy
Opportunity to work with and learn from some of the best people on some of the most ambitious projects found anywhere, across industries
Gain perks like a paid mobile telephone subscription and broadband connection.
Get access to extended private health services with Aker Care.
Hungry? We’ve got your back. A subsidised lunch at the canteen is delivered by our chefs who specialise in options for both vegetarians and non-vegetarian, salads and hot soups every day
Stay fueled between meals with snacks and drinks in the house. 
Our own Cognite exclusive coffee bar ☕ with the friendliest baristas is here to brew coffee for coffee lovers, tea for tea lovers, smoothie for smoothie lovers, and the baristas creative concoctions when the mood strikes.
We take your mental and physical health seriously by having a broad health offering and a free membership to our fully-staffed gym on-site.

Want to join our journey? If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach out to our Recruiter, Oda Danielsen at oda.danielsen @cognite.com or Head of Data Engineering - Global Delivery , Gaetan Helnes at gaetan.helness@cognite.com .

Cognite is a global industrial SaaS company that was established with one clear vision: to rapidly empower industrial companies with contextualized, trustworthy, and accessible data to help drive the full-scale digital transformation of asset-heavy industries around the world. Our core Industrial DataOps platform, Cognite Data Fusion™, enables industrial data and domain users to collaborate quickly and safely to develop, operationalize, and scale industrial AI solutions and applications to deliver both profitability and sustainability. Visit us at www.cognite.com and follow us on Twitter @CogniteData or LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/cognitedata

Equal Opportunity

Cognite is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment at work and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive the same level of consideration for employment; everyone we hire will receive the same level of consideration for training, compensation, and promotion.

We ask for gender as part of our application because we want to ensure equal assessment in the recruitment process. Your answer will help us reach this commitment! However, the question about gender is optional and your choice not to answer will not affect the assessment of your application in any way.