You may apply to Tietoevry by selecting Apply and fill your application details to the form. You may also Apply by using LinkedIn and populate details to your application from your LinkedIn profile.

The Lead Solution Architect is overall responsible for the development of competitive, innovative, complex, solutions, and cost cases. Lead teams of subject matter experts and influence our sales teams with the goal of ensuring consistent solutions which meet customer business expectations and technical requirements. Leading multiple disciplines, teams of subject matter experts, using a combination of Tietoevry standard and custom solutions influencing our sales teams, solution teams and projects. The Lead Solution Architect is expected to spend time interacting with customers. You will join a dynamic team of highly skilled and driven Lead Solution Architects. Our team members are characterized by their ability to think and act proactively, and to work closely together to reach our goals. We are looking for a solution-oriented team player. Someone not afraid to stand up and lead when this is called for, but on a day-to-day basis thrives to be a part of a team of highly qualified peers. The position requires that you to be proficient in Norwegian and English, and that you are comfortable sharing your vision in both writing and in presentations. 

 

Key accountabilities 

Visualize an end-to-end solution and ensure it is complete based on customers requirement. 
Orchestrate solution teams and drive progress aligned with solution strategy 
Be able to examine and evaluate the accuracy of associated cost case 
Review, interpret and respond to detailed business requirements specifications to ensure alignment between customer expectations and current and future capabilities of Tietoevry 
Provide input to the strategic direction of technology investments to assist in the development of the architecture and maximize the return on technology investment 
Within the agreed architecture, define and design technology solutions to assist the customer’s business in meeting their business objectives 
Be able to present overall solution 


 

As a Lead Solution Architect, you should have technical experience in designing IT solutions. Broad general technical knowledge is of principal importance. If you have a solid experience for this role and a strong commitment within business and IT, you might be the one we are looking for

 

What Tietoevry offers you:

Local Proximity. Global Capabilities. 
A community of Professionals. A community of Friends 
Favorable conditions. Great opportunities 
Life/work balance and flexibility 


For more information: Please contact Search Consultant, Per Christian Blom, perchristian.blom@tietoevry.com, phone +47 97720235.