Job Description Summary As related customer equipment, faciliaties or infrastructure projects: responsible for project delivery, profit & loss accountability, and customer satisfaction through management of project related activities and resources. Impacts the team's ability to achieve service, quality and timeliness of objectives. The role is subject to operating policy objectives. There is moderate autonomy within the role. High levels of operational judgment are required to achieve outcomes required.
 
Job Description 

Roles And Responsibilities
Non-Turnkey Projects or Product/Equipment-Only Projects. Responsible for overseeing the project and direct or indirect leadership and/or management of project resources for small-medium sized projects (size in relation to GE company) that may include equipment-only, suites of products or non-turnkey projects.
Requires specialized knowledge within the function. Influence the development of strategy for the area of responsibility, including control of resources and influences policy formulation.
Interprets simple internal and external business challenges and recommends best practices to improve products, processes or services. Stays informed of industry trends that may inform work.
Uses high level of judgment to make decisions and handle complex tasks or problems in areas of operational, product management, manufacturing, technology or engineering. Has ability to assess quality of information given and ask pertinent questions to stakeholders. Able to offer new solutions to problems outside of set parameters and is able to construct and provide recommendations. Uses multiple internal and some external sources outside of own function to help arrive at a decision.
May lead functional teams or projects with minimal resource requirements, risk, and/or complexity. Communicates difficult concepts and may influence others' options on particular topics. May guide others to consider a different point of view.

Required Qualifications
This role requires significant experience in the Project Management & Project Management. Knowledge level is comparable to a Master's degree from an accredited university or college ( or a high school diploma with relevant experience).
In depth knowledge and insight into the Utility sector, AMI, Smart Cities and IoT
PMI, Prince2 or likewise certification
Excellent understanding of utility IT-solutions and systems, Public Cloud and SaaS.