Do you want to be a key part in establishing a leading Data & Insight community in one of Norway’s most exciting tech companies?



reMarkable creates hardware and software products that help people all over the world find focus. We launched our original reMarkable 1 paper tablet in 2017. Since then, we’ve sold more than 1,5 million devices, grown to over 400 employees, and transformed from a small startup to a fast-growing scaleup. Following the successful launch of the reMarkable 2, which was named one of TIME's top 100 inventions of 2020, our subscription service Connect in 2021, and the Type Folio in 2023, we've set ourselves exciting growth and product development goals for the coming years.
With a brand new campus opening in 2024 at Majorstuen in Oslo, and exciting products and services in development, we need new colleagues to join our journey.


The team you will be joining

reMarkable is growing rapidly and so is our need for data and insight. For this reason we have just embarked on an exciting journey to develop a world class data and insight capability. We are currently implementing a target state for Data & Insight that is heavily inspired by the Data Mesh paradigm of distributed data ownership, and are leveraging a modern data stack. By joining reMarkable as a Data & Insight professional you will be given the opportunity to play a key part in establishing a leading Data & Insight community based on modern principles in one of Norway's most exciting companies.


Our tech stack

Our infrastructure is mainly built in GCP (Google Cloud Storage, Cloud Composer, Cloud Run, BigQuery, Looker), with additional supporting tools for transformation and orchestration (e.g. dbt, Terraform, Github) as well as ingesting tools such as Fivetran and observability tooling.


Why we enjoy working here

Exciting greenfield opportunities to discover, and all team members will have a say in the direction of the team and how we will work with data and insight
We think and treat our features as products
A big focus on learning, and continuously knowledge sharing within the team, and we have implemented self development days where you can deepdive into something you find interesting or further want to develop
We have a hybrid working model, with flexible working hours
Five weeks vacation + 5 reMarkable days to use as you wish 


The role as Data Platform Engineer

We’re looking for a Data Platform Engineer to help our cross-functional Data & Insight team build and deliver valuable insight to our business stakeholders. As part of the Data Platform team you’ll work closely with other Data Platform Engineers to develop and improve the core Data Platform infrastructure. You will work with the design of data architectures, build data models and data pipelines, integrate data from different sources, including streaming data, and make data available for different types of applications.


Other tasks and responsibilities you will be a part of:

Build robust data pipelines as well as data services
Improve our developer infrastructure, such as continuous integration systems and test automation pipelines and our developer experience
Decide on the core principles of our data platform together with our analytics engineers in a product oriented manner
Create data products by translating business logic in dbt and guide domain expertise to identify use-cases, from simple BI and stats, to potential AI solutions
Support the development of best practices for data pipelining and data product management 


Who We Believe Will Succeed In This Role

You have a degree in Computer Science or similar, with 3+ years of experience as a Developer
You have high programming literacy (Go/Python/SQL/Javascript etc), and is interested in learning new programming languages
A self starter who is product oriented
You are curious and seeking out new and better ways of doing things 


 Practical information

We will review applicants on a rolling basis
Location for this role: Oslo, Norway
You should have a valid work permit from the EU/EEA. (Relocation assistance is provided)